Speech to Text
/ Speech to Text Demo
Speech to Text
The IBM Watson Speech to Text service uses speech recognition capabilities to convert Arabic, English, Spanish, French, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Korean, German, and Mandarin speech into text.
Get StartedAPI ReferenceDocumentationFork on GitHubStart for free in IBM Cloud
This system is for demonstration purposes only and is not intended to process Personal Data. No Personal Data is to be entered into this system as it may not have the necessary controls in place to meet the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
By using this application, you agree to the  Terms of Use
Transcribe Audio
Use your microphone to record audio. For best results, use broadband models for microphone input.
Upload pre-recorded audio (.mp3, .mpeg, .wav, .flac, or .opus only).
Play one of the sample audio files.*
*Both US English broadband sample audio files are covered under the Creative Commons license.
The returned result includes the recognized text, word alternatives, and spotted keywords. Some models can detect multiple speakers; this may slow down performance.
Voice Model:

Detect multiple speakers

Keywords to spot: 
IBM,admired,AI,transformations,cognitive,Artificial Intelligence,data,predict,learn

 Record Audio
 Upload Audio File
 Play Sample 1
 Play Sample 2
Text
Word Timings and Alternatives
Keywords (2/9)
JSON
Speaker 0: Which is why already helping affected the but the bottom of the back had that kind of all state.
Speaker 1: In the in the.
Speaker 0: This is the open so intense plantation says like if those central area of the credo stiffened credo which one do you think it already had already and back to the but fell off.
Speaker 1: That's a good question so I'd say this map is a couple things one is many of these centers were marked around areas that were already possibly considered activity centers and so we waited and but then some are aspirational so they haven't been built out yet so some of these especially on the fringes we have not they are not really building currently and so he went out to some of these they'd be pretty empty I would say.
Speaker 1: Actually some of these ones that have a bit more shape like this and then there's some over here.
Speaker 1: These were drawn around specific development projects and we're kind of either in the pipeline at the time or now definitely on the ground so this one is like the domain which is a large project here in Austin if you're familiar Mueller is another one calling park is another and so those are very much a long they're being implemented currently.
Speaker 1: Yeah those are those are probably the biggest three.
Speaker 1: Yeah that have already.
Speaker 0: Yeah so this this way the.
Speaker 0: This sort of what it's about.
Speaker 1: Well I actually think this might be an older version of maps so we updated it in two thousand.
Speaker 1: Four teen I think with colony park master plan which is that another neighborhood in this area so it's right next to the center.
Speaker 0: All.
Speaker 1: In there and that one has definitely taken off to already.
Speaker 0:
Speaker 1: Thank quarter wise.
Speaker 1: I would say.
Speaker 1: A lot of the quarters.
Speaker 1: They are reflective of the areas where it's already.
Speaker 1: An activity center corridor I would say the ones that have a line to well with.
Speaker 0: Our.
Speaker 1: Quarter mobility bond just speaking with my travel.
Speaker 0: Here.
Speaker 1: Somewhere we put one money and then the alignment with.
Speaker 0: Our.
Speaker 1: Regional on public transportation playing project connect which will be high capacity transit along some of these quarters those would be the ones where I think we're getting closest.
Speaker 0: To.
Speaker 1: Implementation in those areas.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: Yeah.
Speaker 0: There are houses digital maps but so far I couldn't open the act yeah.
Speaker 0: And another question related to the and the rules of different plots we know that's also have several different classes so far I collect I have twenty two correct information related to the to the combo and that that you may feel of the other stuff.
Speaker 0: The Texas she was county line or whatever kind of audition class.
Speaker 1: We should let this thing.
Speaker 0: Is going to be really affected the future but the last thing all the all the last.
Speaker 1: Out of these.
Speaker 1: Or just out of other plans.
Speaker 0: To support all.
Speaker 1: And in addition to imagine awesome I would say a big one is our strategic mobility land that was just.
Speaker 0: Maybe a little.
Speaker 1: Early but I do have faces and voices will really kind of shift our of our transportation.
Speaker 0: Yeah other than that to the left that still could be next this.
Speaker 1: Yeah our code.
Speaker 0: Could be a columnist.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: That's the code and that's the love of my life yeah yeah yeah.
Speaker 1: Name.
Speaker 1: Not really what it's called anymore but yeah that will.
Speaker 1: Yeah that.
Speaker 0: Is.
Speaker 1: Absolutely right that will have a huge influence on.
Speaker 1: The implementation this plan but it will change I think the urban form Austin over time.
Speaker 0: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So between strategic mobility plan and.
Speaker 0: And the new code yeah those are probably.
Speaker 1: Ones in my mind.
Speaker 0: Yeah as the image of the it's kind of all be hop on on the top level of grief.
Speaker 1: Yeah yeah so even Austin strategic mobility plan was you know supposed to be at the end.
Speaker 0: The.
Speaker 1: There are high level concepts and Matt Johnson an ace in peace you know she took it out and put it on the ground and then it was adopted as part of the match Austin again so they're very intimately linked and then the code will be the same thing you know imagine us and said we need a new code for all these reasons and then ideally.
Speaker 0: It will be.
Speaker 1: An implementation tool for the plan for the next.
Speaker 0: Floor yeah.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: Five my research and you know before I want to know the Obama forty and I want to to the building of the simulation all of them all of them were forty of all things your trip someone to collect as much if you have information so don't want to.
Speaker 0: All of keep all me for something or you know that if I could coffee though which Papa can be having the height and put the Ohio.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: About four weeks.
Speaker 0: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Yeah so you won't know which areas.
Speaker 0: Yeah you need to reach a new.
Speaker 0: To me that's it these pots and that.
Speaker 1: Pots and they can't it doesn't already happening right now I mean.
Speaker 0: So the way this is broken down as these.
Speaker 1: Darker orange red spots are kind of our regional centers so they're going to.
Speaker 0: Always have the highest.
Speaker 1: Density probably.
Speaker 0: And the food and all we could chat about.
Speaker 1: It in the future for sure right now they're all kind of them very very states like I think this is like line station and it's.
Speaker 0: It's developing now.
Speaker 1: And so definitely in the future it'll be I think a strong regional.
Speaker 0: Center yeah I will definitely come back to adhere to cut all the Phoenician pots.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: Do you know if you the truth all of.
Speaker 0: Medical so yeah maybe you can.
Speaker 0: The the coming coming coupled with the.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: I have so that's how the media the call we go program and are you as into moral ways.
Speaker 0: With the falls all it meant to get.
Speaker 1: Yeah he'll be much better about the planned them making.
Speaker 0: Elements and they'll also be it's a true it's county cast.
Speaker 1: Very good yeah yeah.
Speaker 0: Yeah.
Speaker 0: Yeah I.
Speaker 1: Will speak to the regional stuff.
Speaker 0: I think about it because they claim that the income in his cell the results to it because everything we do for others yeah but it's not the most other people not each other.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: And the combo I've finally I need is a survey that we should be.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: If it's a combo.
Speaker 1: Very good.
Speaker 0: And of that and so.
Speaker 0: Team worker.
Speaker 0: Okay in the end will still take that yeah.
Speaker 1: I don't know him personally but I I know Matt does.
Speaker 0: By you what do you recommend I mean we also have to be in the end yes I do the interview.
Speaker 1: I'm so glad.
Speaker 1: But our responses for awhile.
Speaker 0: But I have it fall fall fall while I have a big couple struggling spend down to because nobody can you feel better but as I love to read all the feedback comes.
Speaker 0: And then the water protection departments I think what is the name of it at that thanks.
Speaker 1: Matt Holland.
Speaker 0: Right.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 1: Yeah will be great.
Speaker 0: And the line Liane Miller you're not.
Speaker 1: Yeah she's gonna be great she is one of the leaders of that also strategic mobility plans.
Speaker 0: Yeah so so I hope that I can get a more information about off the fifty plus because that yeah.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: Yeah yeah because.
Speaker 1: And Leanne was involved in the plan and making a match Austin.
Speaker 0: So she was in.
Speaker 1: Like this planning department and then she went to transportation no work done today.
Speaker 0: So.
Speaker 1: You'll have a good perspective on both sides.
Speaker 0: Cool.
Speaker 0: By the way do you know all the all stance graphic Moakley deprived of we will then sell panicking process.
Speaker 1: I.
Speaker 1: Only tangentially not very much fun not close.
Speaker 0: If you of comfortable to federal so you're kinda Iago come to help me if you have a lasting love fill you up out of the Jedi from Albany to go off.
Speaker 1: I don't know if I could and that would be a they were more involved in the plan making for them.
Speaker 0: And the mad also met also about fifty one.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: Yeah both of them.
Speaker 1: Hello and then Johnson and strategic mobility.
Speaker 0: The mad mad holding all.
Speaker 1: Matt do get in.
Speaker 0: America by yeah.
Speaker 0: And though I also made me that the ticket yeah didn't sit up to know why you know you have and the medium that you you're not the civic.
Speaker 1: Don't.
Speaker 0: Mind me the courtesy.
Speaker 1: I've heard the name but I don't I don't think I know her.
Speaker 0: All but she she also sees forms of probably to come.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: Are you recommending me all four else recommend me as it also helps.
Speaker 1: It was somebody else maybe it was DD.
Speaker 0: We're in there together I mean I don't know yeah but she also said to do they need to make in the see what I can that's fine if you did to the to the U. meeting in nineteen the reason Texas.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: Invasion yeah a rope which yes there is the young.
Speaker 0: The city I think that a lot of fun for me.
Speaker 0: Somebody getting.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: He recommended me to George roasting you'll shin.
Speaker 1: Yeah so he works in our department also he's building well.
Speaker 0: I was going to have to come back again.
Speaker 1: I think you have his title wrong because he's in planning and zoning.
Speaker 0: All yeah yeah the end but yes I think the maybe set of something that is so okay let averaging feats.
Speaker 0: Yeah that in most of it.
Speaker 1: And so he worked on the code project that could next.
Speaker 0: Yeah as I know.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: Yeah as I noticed a form of the profile but I don't know who he is being loading and then you click on that stuff not.
Speaker 1: Directly no but several of his staff so he's a division manager and several of his staff are involved in the new code so I think a week.
Speaker 0: Someone.
Speaker 1: Informed.
Speaker 0: Yeah to think that it is the possible if I can get some feedback up out of the new crew.
Speaker 1: I mean it's it's fairly early yeah they just received like policy direction from city council and I don't know where they are with it.
Speaker 0: Yeah.
Speaker 1: I don't know how much information.
Speaker 0: Yeah maybe in the future.
Speaker 1: Yeah yeah.
Speaker 0: But I hello to from the phone this morning from the from the code to create all fees for triple.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 0: If she could call me that is it's going to be just a one no I think let's see the old DOCSIS three months to finish.
Speaker 1: Yeah essentially that our city council wants to see a first draft in October like and all of us here so.
Speaker 0: It they will be very busy I think.
Speaker 1: So they might not risen one.
Speaker 0: Yeah that and then later I'm good how.
Speaker 0: The the professor final Philadelphia and then I'll be the top dog team.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: And I think you know and maybe.
Speaker 1: If you I don't know yeah your family or a consultant on the plan right okay yeah.
Speaker 0: Yeah that around the eighteenth.
Speaker 1: Very good signal I know you said you wanted fifteen.
Speaker 0: Yeah yeah because I was struggling with the hope we have nothing to back down I have been trying to call me back so close and nobody gives.
Speaker 0: All the feedback.
Speaker 1: And then.
Speaker 0: I called him looking before.
Speaker 0: Well he was sent to the very people.
Speaker 0: Actually it is all a few of them.
Speaker 1: I'm glad.
Speaker 1: The first set of perspectives.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: One more for the bike I will let you know maybe non mall maybe after I come back to you food food food there's a lot of the lab and both of those things and of that email.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: Yeah yeah why they would love for you in the future.
Speaker 1: Are you but I have goal are you living in Austin or even.
Speaker 0: Though I went to a place if you also.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: If any of you with you all think.
Speaker 0: And what I gonna catch the morning apart of course I have your need feedback from you which part is that right.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: Wanted listenership.
Speaker 1: Park.
Speaker 1: You're welcome.
Speaker 0: Elements okay.
Speaker 0: Did you get.
Speaker 0: How did you hear.
Speaker 1: I have to call my people off.
Speaker 0: It is often you do drugs nope.
Speaker 1: Although no no I always thought I'd be with the public companies.
Speaker 0: When people get ready for okay.
Speaker 0: You are not alone you have a good day okay.
Speaker 1: Thank you you too.


